+ banish
+ belly
+ brow
+ cherubim
+ crafty
+ crawl
+ deceive
+ desirable
+ enmity
+ garment
+ fig
+ heel
+ serpant
+ sew
+ thistle
+ thorn
+ toil

### serpant, crafty
Now the serpent was more crafty than any of the wild animals the Lord God had made.

### desirable
When the woman saw that the fruit of the tree was good for food and pleasing to the eye, and also desirable for gaining wisdom, she took some and ate it.

### sew, fig
They sewed fig leaves together and made coverings for themselves.

### deceive
The serpent deceived me, and I ate.

### words
Cursed are you above all livestock and all wild animals!  
You will **crawl** on your **belly** and you will eat dust all the days of your life.  
And I will put **enmity** between you and the woman, and between your offspring and hers;  
he will crush your head, and you will strike his **heel**.  

### words
Cursed is the ground because of you;  
through painful **toil** you will eat food from it all the days of your life.  
It will produce **thorns** and **thistles** for you, and you will eat the plants of the field.  
By the **sweat** of your **brow** you will eat your food until you return to the ground, since from it you were taken;  
for dust you are and to dust you will return.  

### garment
The Lord God made garments of skin for Adam and his wife and clothed them.

### banish
So the Lord God banished him from the Garden of Eden to work the ground from which he had been taken.

### cherubim
After he drove the man out, he placed on the east side of the Garden of Eden cherubim and a flaming sword flashing back and forth to guard the way to the tree of life.
